adding ruby quickstart guide (#69)
Basis-Theory/basistheory-integration-guides: collections/guides/quickstart_ruby/index.md

## Step 1: Get your Ruby environment ready

### Step 1.1: Ensure you have Ruby installed

Completing this tutorial will require you to have Ruby installed on your local system or have an environment you can run your script in. If you’re looking for help getting Ruby installed for your system — checkout their guide on [installing](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/).

### Step 1.2: Create a Ruby script
To start, you’ll need a new Ruby file. Use the following commands (or however you create files) to create a file called `basistheory.rb`:

```bash
//Mac or Linux
touch basistheory.rb

//Windows
type nul > basistheory.rb
```

### Step 2: Import needed dependencies

The simplest form of securing data with Basis Theory is through our API with a JSON body. In Ruby, this requires a few different libraries to make an API call. At the top of your file, you’ll import the following dependencies:

```ruby
require 'uri'
require 'net/http'
require 'json'
```

## Step 3: Create a new Application in your Basis Theory Account

If you don’t already have a Basis Theory account and your first Tenant, create one [here](https://portal.basistheory.com/register).

> Within your Basis Theory account, create a new Application. To create a new application, head to our portal [here](https://portal.basistheory.com/applications/create) — this Application’s API Key enables you to authenticate with the Basis Theory platform and create Tokens within your Tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within your Basis Theory account, create a new Application. To create a new application, head to our portal [here](https://portal.basistheory.com/applications/create) — this Application’s API Key will enable you to authenticate with the Basis Theory platform and create Tokens within your Tenant.
```
future tense might be better here since we haven't created the application yet

raw_value = JSON.parse(get_token_res)

#Display raw Token response
puts JSON.pretty_generate(raw_value)

#Display raw secured value
puts raw_value["data"]
```

## Step 7: Run the script
Test the entire tutorial out by running the script:
```bash
ruby basistheory.rb
```

🎉🎉🎉 You’ve successfully created secured your data and read it back: 🎉🎉🎉

```bash
> Create a Token:
{
  "id": "0a5767fd-e60a-4d73-bd6e-74b4f1e022df",
  "tenant_id": "71b86f56-e2e4-494c-b4f2-de8f38d1aee1",
  "type": "token",
  "privacy": {
    "classification": "general",
    "impact_level": "high",
    "restriction_policy": "redact"
  },
  "created_by": "69f12e84-4501-41e7-8f51-a74b307d7dc5",
  "created_at": "2022-01-22T15:13:14.3187199+00:00"
}
Read your Token:
{
  "id": "0a5767fd-e60a-4d73-bd6e-74b4f1e022df",
  "type": "token",
  "tenant_id": "71b86f56-e2e4-494c-b4f2-de8f38d1aee1",
  "data": "foo",
  "created_by": "69f12e84-4501-41e7-8f51-a74b307d7dc5",
  "created_at": "2022-01-22T15:13:14.3187199+00:00",
  "privacy": {
    "classification": "general",
    "impact_level": "high",
    "restriction_policy": "redact"
  }
}
Read your raw value from the Token:
foo
```

## Put it all together

> This completes the basic ability to secure data with Tokens and retrieve the raw data back from Basis Theory when you need to use the data in your systems. This flow allows you to secure your data at rest and removes the liability of having the data stored in your databases or having to worry about complex encryption logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This completes the basic ability to secure data with Tokens and retrieve the raw data back from Basis Theory when you need to use the data in your systems. This flow allows you to secure your data at rest, removes the liability of having the data stored in your databases, and frees you from having to worry about complex encryption logic.
```
maybe another word would be better other than "frees" in my suggestion here
